[GCP] Update fields docs and fix inconsistencies after #27974 (#33006)
elastic/beats: x-pack/metricbeat/module/gcp/firestore/_meta/docs.asciidoc

Firestore metricset fetches metrics from https://cloud.google.com/firestore/[Firestore] in Google Cloud Platform.

The `firestore` metricset contains all metrics exported from the https://cloud.google.com/monitoring/api/metrics_gcp#gcp-firestore[GCP Firestore Monitoring API]. The field names are aligned to https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/beats/devguide/current/event-conventions.html[Beats naming conventions] with minor modifications to their GCP metrics name counterpart.

> You can specify a single region to fetch metrics like `us-central1`. Be aware that GCP Storage does not use zones so `us-central1-a` will return nothing. If no region is specified, it will return metrics from all buckets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can specify a single region to fetch metrics like `us-central1`. Be aware that GCP Storage does not use zones so `us-central1-a` will return nothing. If no region is specified, metrics are returned from all buckets.
```
